update release note guide (#7217)
GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules: .ci/RELEASE_NOTES_GUIDE.md

from upstream Magic-Modules PRs to downstream PRs that have CHANGELOGS, namely
PRs generated in the Terraform providers (GA, beta).

This guide discusses the style and format of release notes to add
in PR descriptions so they will be copied downstream and used

> in CHANGELOGs ([GA provider changelog](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md), 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the ([GA provider changelog](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md), and
```

[beta provider changelog](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md)).

## Expected Format

The description should have Markdown-formatted code blocks with language
headings (i.e. text right after the three ticks) like this:

~~~
<PR Description

...>

> ```release-note:enhancement  <-- change type

Reviewer: nit: I think the arrow comments are probably more confusing than not!

compute: added `foo_bar` field to `google_compute_foo` resource <-- change description
```
~~~

> All pull requests need to include release-note block and **change type** (`release-note:REPLACEME` in the PR template) should be replaced with one of the following [headings](#headings), while **change description** can be omitted from some PRs with non-user-facing changes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All pull requests need to include one `release-note` block per change. Each `release-note` should use one of the following change types:
```

> ### Headings

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> Release notes should be formatted with one of the following headings (See [examples](#examples) below for good release notes for each change type):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

I think this sentence can be left out - duplicates information from above. If the examples don't fully fit in the table, it would be great to add a cell in each row with a link to just the example for that type.

| Headings                       | Usage                                                                               |
| ------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `release-note:enhancement`     | adding fields or new features to existing resources                                 |
| `release-note:bug`             | fixing existing resources                                                           |
| `release-note:note`            | things that don’t have changes in provider but may be important to users            |
| `release-note:new-resource`    | adding new resources                                                                |
| `release-note:new-datasource`  | adding new datasources                                                              |
| `release-note:deprecation`     | announcing deprecations when fields/resources are marked as deprecated, not removed |
| `release-note:breaking-change` | changes to existing resources that may require users to change their config         | 

> | `release-note:none`            | changes that don't have any impact on users                                         | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `release-note:none`            | changes that don't have any impact on users, such as doc-only changes                                         | 
```

### Release Note Style Guide (Terraform-specific)

Notes SHOULD:
- Start with a verb
- Use past tense (added/fixed/resolved) as much as possible
- Only use present tense to suggest future behavior, i.e. for breaking
  changes, deprecations, or new behavior.
- Not be capitalized            
- Impersonal third person (no “I”, “you”, etc.)
- Start with {{service}} if changing an existing resource (i.e. for `enhancement` and `bug`)
- Include provider resource name (with `google_` prefix) if changing an existing resource
- Use \`\` marks around the resource and field names
- Use user-centric language for description

Notes, breaking changes are exceptions. These are more free-form and left to the discretion of the PR author and reviewer. The overarching goal should be a good user experience when reading the changelog.

> ### Examples:

Reviewer 2: Could the examples be included in the table?

* `release-note:enhancement`
~~~
```release-note:enhancement
compute: added `foo_bar` field to `google_compute_foo`
```
~~~

* `release-note:bug`
~~~
```release-note:bug

> compute: fixed perma-diff on `region` field in `google_compute_foo` resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
compute: fixed perma-diff on `region` field in `google_compute_foo`
```

To be consistent with enhancement above

```
~~~

* `release-note:note`
~~~
```release-note:note

> updated Bigtable go client version from 1.13 to 1.16

Reviewer: nit: We'd probably not document this one with a changelog note

```
~~~

* `release-note:new-resource`
~~~
```release-note:new-resource
`google_compute_new_resource`
```
~~~

* `release-note:new-datasource`
~~~

> ```release-note:new-resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```release-note:new-datasource
```

`google_compute_new_datasource`
```
~~~

* `release-note:deprecation`
~~~
```release-note:deprecation
compute: deprecated `region` field for `google_compute_foo` - use location instead.
```
~~~

* `release-note:breaking-change`
~~~
```release-note:breaking-change

> compute: changeed `region` field for `google_compute_foo` to be required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
compute: changed `region` field in `google_compute_foo` to be required
```

```
~~~

* `release-note:none`  
~~~
```release-note:none
(change description can be left empty, or can be optionally filled with an explanation of why the PR is not user-facing)
```
~~~

### Beta-only changes

To qualify that a change is specific to the beta provider add `(beta)`
at the end of the release note.

> This will notify whoever is generating the release notes omit the note from changelogs for the ga release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will notify whoever is generating the release notes to omit the note from changelogs for the ga release.
```

~~~
```release-note:enhancement
compute: added `foo_bar` field to `google_compute_foo` (beta)
```
~~~

### Revert changes

Copy the original PR release note block and add `(revert)` at the end.

> This will let whoever is generating the release notes omit the original PR note from chagnelogs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will notify whoever is generating the release notes to omit the original PR note from changelogs
```

~~~
```release-note:enhancement
compute: added `foo_bar` field to `google_compute_foo` (revert)
```
~~~

> ### Multiple code blocks per PR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Multiple release notes per PR
```

> You can have multiple code blocks to have multiple release notes per PR, i.e.

Reviewer 2: I think this change would mean that the part after the example could be removed.

```suggestion
Multiple release notes in a PR should be represented with one code block per release note, separated by a newline:
```
